As a result of each task you should provide a corresponding command.

localhost - your centos VM running in VirtualBox
remotehost - 35.228.120.217

1.1. SSH to host 35.228.120.217 using username and password, provided to you in private chat. Log out from remotehost

1.2. Generate new ssh key-pair on your localhost with name "hw-5" (keys should be created in ~/.ssh folder)

1.3. Set up key-based authentication, so that you can ssh to remotehost without password

1.4. SSH to remotehost without password. Log out from remotehost

1.5. Create ssh config file so that you can ssh to remotehost simply running `ssh remotehost`. As a result provide output of command `cat ~/.ssh/config`

1.6. Using command line utility (curl or telnet) verify that there are some webserver running on port 8080 of IP 10.166.0.2. Notice that 10.166.0.2 is a private network IP so you can access it only from the same network (when you're on remotehost, that runs in the same private network). Log out from remotehost

1.7. Using ssh setup port forwarding so that you can reach webserver from your localhost (choose any free local port you like).

1.8 Like in 1.6, but on localhost this time use command line utility to verify that localhost and port you've specified act like webserver, returning same result as in 1.6

1.9 (*) Open webserver webpage in browser of your Host machine of VirtualBox (Windows or Mac or whatever else you use). You may need to setup port forwarding in settings of VirtualBox.

1.10 (*) Laugh at the memes you found there a little bit. (If you're javascript programmer, please don't be offended, it is just a joke)


# Following tasks should be executed on your localhost as you'll need root privileges
2.1. Imagine your localhost has been relocated to Havana. Change the time zone on the localhost to Havana and verify the time zone has been changed properly. (may be multiple commands)

2.2. Find all systemd journal messages on localhost, that were recorded in the last 50 minutes and originate from a system service started with user id 81. (single command)

2.3. Configure rsyslogd by adding a rule to the newly created configuration file /etc/rsyslog.d/auth-errors.conf to log all security and authentication messages with the priority alert and higher to the /var/log/auth-errors file. Test the newly added log directive with the logger command. (multiple commands)
